Update management-operational-compliance.md - Updated Guest configura… (#1194)
MicrosoftDocs/cloud-adoption-framework: docs/ready/landing-zone/design-area/management-operational-compliance.md

Monitoring your environments for configuration drift is an important part of ensuring stable and consistent operations.

> [Azure Policy](/azure/governance/policy/overview) is valuable within cloud management processes. Azure Policy can audit and remediate Azure resources, and can also audit settings inside a machine. Validation is performed by the Azure Automanage machine configuration extension and client. The extension, through the client, validates settings such as:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Azure Policy](/azure/governance/policy/overview) is valuable within cloud management processes. Azure Policy can audit and remediate Azure resources, and can also audit settings inside a machine. Validation is performed by the Azure Automanage Machine Configuration extension and client. The extension, through the client, validates settings such as:
```

In addition, using Infrastructure as Code can help you monitor for configuration drift, as well as help you keep your landing zone up to date.  To learn more, see [Keep your Azure landing zone up to date](../../../govern/resource-consistency/keep-azure-landing-zone-up-to-date.md) and [Use infrastructure as code to update Azure landing zones](../../../manage/infrastructure-as-code-updates.md).

> Learn about the [machine configuration feature of Azure Policy](/azure/governance/policy/concepts/guest-configuration). Consider how you can use it as part of your landing zone management toolkit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Learn about [Azure Automanage Machine Configuration](/azure/governance/machine-configuration/overview). Consider how you can use it as part of your landing zone management toolkit.
```

## Operational compliance recommendations

- Use [Update Management in Azure Automation](/azure/automation/update-management/overview) as a long-term patching mechanism for both Windows and Linux VMs. Enforcing Update Management configurations through Azure Policy ensures that all VMs are included in your patch management regimen. It also provides your application teams with the ability to manage patch deployment for their VMs, and provides visibility and enforcement capabilities to your central IT team across all VMs.

> - Use Azure Policy to monitor in-machine virtual machine (VM) configuration drift. Enabling [machine configuration](/azure/governance/policy/concepts/guest-configuration) audit capabilities through policy helps your application team workloads to consume feature capabilities immediately with little effort.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Use Azure Policy to monitor in-machine virtual machine (VM) configuration drift. Enabling [Azure Automanage Machine Configuration](/azure/governance/machine-configuration/overview) audit capabilities through policy helps your application team workloads to consume feature capabilities immediately with little effort.
```
